README.md, before:

# Challenges
List of the various challenge websites and my progress

------

## [CodeWars](https://www.codewars.com)

[![alt text](https://www.codewars.com/users/schmjdt/badges/micro "Codewars Kyu Ranking")](https://www.codewars.com/users/schmjdt)

------

## [PyBites](https://pybit.es/)

* [Exercises](https://codechalleng.es/bites/)
* [Challenges](https://codechalleng.es/challenges/)
* [100 Days of Python](https://codechalleng.es/100days/)

[![Ninja](https://codechalleng.es/static/img/honors/white.png "PyBites Ninja White Belt")](https://codechalleng.es/badge/white)

------

## [CheckiO](https://checkio.org/)

* [Python](https://py.checkio.org/user/schmjdt/)
* [JavaScript](https://js.checkio.org/user/schmjdt/)

------

## [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/)

------

## [Project Euler](https://projecteuler.net/)

[![Solved](https://projecteuler.net/profile/schmjdt.png "Solved")](https://projecteuler.net/archives)

------

## [Advent Of Code](https://adventofcode.com/events) : 
25 Days Of Code Challenges 

<details><summary>Years : 0/4 </summary>

*  0/25 : [2015](https://adventofcode.com/2015)
*  0/25 : [2016](https://adventofcode.com/2016)
*  0/25 : [2017](https://adventofcode.com/2017)
*  2/25 : [2018](https://adventofcode.com/2018)

</details>

------

## [Rosalind](http://rosalind.info/problems/locations/)

<details><summary>Rosalind : 0%</summary>

<details><summary>Python Village : 0%</summary>
</details>

<details><summary>Bioinformatics Stronghold : 0%</summary>
</details>

<details><summary>Bioinformatics Armory : 0%</summary>
</details>

<details><summary>Bioinformatics Textbook Track : 0%</summary>
</details>

<details><summary>Algorithmic Heights : 0%</summary>
</details>

</details>

------

## [Cryptopals](http://cryptopals.com/)

<details><summary>Crypto Challenges : 0%</summary>

*   0% : Basics
*   0% : Block crypto
*   0% : Block & stream crypto
*   0% : Stream crypto and randomness
*   0% : Diffie-Hellman and friends
*   0% : RSA and DSA
*   0% : Hashes
*   0% : Abstract Algebra

</details>

------

## [HackerRank](https://www.hackerrank.com/)

[My HackerRank](http://hr.gs/od3qdp)

[30 Days Of Code](https://www.hackerrank.com/domains/tutorials/30-days-of-code)

------

## [HackerEarth](https://www.hackerearth.com/practice/)

------

## [CodeForces](http://codeforces.com/problemset)

------

## [Codility](https://app.codility.com/programmers/)

------

## [Code Combat](https://codecombat.com/home)

[My Hero](https://codecombat.com/user/schmjdt) - Level 10

------

## [Python For Everybody (PY4E)](https://www.py4e.com/assignments)

**Note:** *Login required to see assignments*

[Dr. Charles Severance](http://dr-chuck.com/) - Additional information

Also located on [Coursera](https://www.coursera.org/learn/python?specialization=python) for full course and certificate

------

## [Google Code Jam](https://codingcompetitions.withgoogle.com/codejam)

[What Is Code Jam](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MYNz8PYEK9o&list=)
[Quick Start Guide](https://code.google.com/codejam/resources/quickstart-guide#gcj)

<details><summary>Archive</summary>
  
<details><summary>2019 : Live</summary>
</details>

<details><summary><a href="https://codingcompetitions.withgoogle.com/codejam/archive/2018">2018</a> : 0%</summary>
  
  *   0% : Practice Session
  *   0% : Qualification Round
  *   0% : Round 1A
  *   0% : Round 1B
  *   0% : Round 1C
  *   0% : Round 2
  *   0% : Round 3
  *   0% : World Finals
  
</details>

<details><summary><a href="https://codingcompetitions.withgoogle.com/codejam/archive/2017">2017</a> : 0%</summary>
  
  *   0% : Qualification Round
  *   0% : Round 1A
  *   0% : Round 1B
  *   0% : Round 1C
  *   0% : Round 2
  *   0% : Round 3
  *   0% : World Finals
  
</details>

<details><summary><a href="https://codingcompetitions.withgoogle.com/codejam/archive/2016">2016</a> : 0%</summary>
  
  *   0% : Qualification Round
  *   0% : Round 1A
  *   0% : Round 1B
  *   0% : Round 1C
  *   0% : Round 2
  *   0% : Round 3
  *   0% : World Finals
  
</details>

<details><summary><a href="https://codingcompetitions.withgoogle.com/codejam/archive/2015">2015</a> : 0%</summary>
  
  *   0% : Qualification Round
  *   0% : Round 1A
  *   0% : Round 1B
  *   0% : Round 1C
  *   0% : Round 2
  *   0% : Round 3
  *   0% : World Finals
  
</details>

</details>

</details>


------

## [The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com)

<details><summary>The Odin Project : 1%</summary>

<details><summary>Web Development 101 : 5%</summary>
</details>

<details><summary>Ruby Programming : 0%</summary>
</details>

<details><summary>Databases : 0%</summary>
</details>

<details><summary>Ruby on Rails : 0%</summary>
</details>

<details><summary>HTML and CSS : 0%</summary>
</details>

<details><summary>Javascript : 0%</summary>
</details>

<details><summary>Getting Hired : 0%</summary>
</details>

</details>

------

## [FreeCodeCamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/)

<details><summary>FreeCodeCamp : 13%</summary>

<details><summary>Responsive Web Design : 23%</summary>

* 100% : Basic HTML and HTML5
*  82% : Basic CSS
*   0% : Applied Visual Design
*   0% : Applied Accessibility
*   0% : Responsive Web Design Principles
*   0% : CSS Flexbox
*   0% : CSS Grid
*   0% : Responsive Web Design Projects

</details>

<details><summary>Javascript Algorithms And Data Structures : 27%</summary>

*  94% : Basic JavaScript
*   0% : ES6
*   0% : Regular Expressions
*   0% : Debugging
*   0% : Basic Data Structures
*  81% : Basic Algorithm Scripting
*   0% : Object Oriented Programming
*   0% : Functional Programming
*  33% : Intermediate Algorithm Scripting
*  60% : JavaScript Algorithms and Data Structures Projects

</details>

<details><summary>Front End Libraries : 29%</summary>

* 100% : Bootstrap
* 100% : jQuery
*   0% : Sass
*   0% : React
*   0% : Redux
*   0% : React and Redux
*   0% : Front End Libraries Projects

</details>

<details><summary>Data Visualization : 11%</summary>

*  34% : Data Visualization with D3
*   0% : JSON APIs and Ajax
*   0% : Data Visualization Projects

</details>

<details><summary>Apis And Microservices : 0%</summary>

*   0% : Managing Packages with Npm
*   0% : Basic Node and Express
*   0% : MongoDB and Mongoose
*   0% : Apis and Microservices Projects

</details>

<details><summary>Information Security And Quality Assurance : 0%</summary>

*   0% : Information Security with HelmetJS
*   0% : Quality Assurance and Testing with Chai
*   0% : Advanced Node and Express
*   0% : Information Security and Quality Assurance Projects

</details>

<details><summary>Coding Interview Prep : 0%</summary>

*   0% : Algorithms
*   0% : Data Structures
*   1% : Take Home Projects
*   0% : Rosetta Code
*   0% : Project Euler

</details>

</details>

------

## [100DaysOfCode](https://www.100daysofcode.com/)

The GitHub template to fork that will get you started located [here](https://github.com/kallaway/100-days-of-code)

<details><summary>Resources</summary>

* [PyBites - Article](https://pybit.es/special-100days.html)
* [Talk Python - Course](https://training.talkpython.fm/courses/explore_100days_in_python/100-days-of-code-in-python?s=pybites)
* [Talk Python - Podcast E140](https://talkpython.fm/episodes/show/140/level-up-your-python-with-100daysofcode-challenge)
* [Talk Python - Podcast E186](https://talkpython.fm/episodes/show/186/100-days-of-python-in-a-magical-universe)

</details>

<details><summary>My 100DaysOfX</summary>

* TBD

</details>

<details><summary>Others 100DaysOfX</summary>

<details><summary>100DaysOfCode</summary>

* [Kallaway](https://github.com/kallaway/100-days-kallaway-log)
* [PyBites](https://github.com/pybites/100DaysOfCode)
* [Magical Universe](https://github.com/zotroneneis/magical_universe)

</details>

</details>

------

## [KataCoda](https://katacoda.com/learn)

Interactive Browser Based Labs, Courses & Playgrounds

<details><summary>KataCoda</summary>

* 12% : [Git](https://www.katacoda.com/courses/git)

</details>

Commit message:

Add fork and pull request note

README.md, after:

# Challenges
List of the various challenge websites and my progress

You are welcome to fork and share your own progress 

Or even make a pull request to add more sites!

------

## [CodeWars](https://www.codewars.com)

[![alt text](https://www.codewars.com/users/schmjdt/badges/micro "Codewars Kyu Ranking")](https://www.codewars.com/users/schmjdt)

------

## [PyBites](https://pybit.es/)

* [Exercises](https://codechalleng.es/bites/)
* [Challenges](https://codechalleng.es/challenges/)
* [100 Days of Python](https://codechalleng.es/100days/)

[![Ninja](https://codechalleng.es/static/img/honors/white.png "PyBites Ninja White Belt")](https://codechalleng.es/badge/white)

------

## [CheckiO](https://checkio.org/)

* [Python](https://py.checkio.org/user/schmjdt/)
* [JavaScript](https://js.checkio.org/user/schmjdt/)

------

## [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/)

------

## [Project Euler](https://projecteuler.net/)

[![Solved](https://projecteuler.net/profile/schmjdt.png "Solved")](https://projecteuler.net/archives)

------

## [Advent Of Code](https://adventofcode.com/events) : 
25 Days Of Code Challenges 

<details><summary>Years : 0/4 </summary>

*  0/25 : [2015](https://adventofcode.com/2015)
*  0/25 : [2016](https://adventofcode.com/2016)
*  0/25 : [2017](https://adventofcode.com/2017)
*  2/25 : [2018](https://adventofcode.com/2018)

</details>

------

## [Rosalind](http://rosalind.info/problems/locations/)

<details><summary>Rosalind : 0%</summary>

<details><summary>Python Village : 0%</summary>
</details>

<details><summary>Bioinformatics Stronghold : 0%</summary>
</details>

<details><summary>Bioinformatics Armory : 0%</summary>
</details>

<details><summary>Bioinformatics Textbook Track : 0%</summary>
</details>

<details><summary>Algorithmic Heights : 0%</summary>
</details>

</details>

------

## [Cryptopals](http://cryptopals.com/)

<details><summary>Crypto Challenges : 0%</summary>

*   0% : Basics
*   0% : Block crypto
*   0% : Block & stream crypto
*   0% : Stream crypto and randomness
*   0% : Diffie-Hellman and friends
*   0% : RSA and DSA
*   0% : Hashes
*   0% : Abstract Algebra

</details>

------

## [HackerRank](https://www.hackerrank.com/)

[My HackerRank](http://hr.gs/od3qdp)

[30 Days Of Code](https://www.hackerrank.com/domains/tutorials/30-days-of-code)

------

## [HackerEarth](https://www.hackerearth.com/practice/)

------

## [CodeForces](http://codeforces.com/problemset)

------

## [Codility](https://app.codility.com/programmers/)

------

## [Code Combat](https://codecombat.com/home)

[My Hero](https://codecombat.com/user/schmjdt) - Level 10

------

## [Python For Everybody (PY4E)](https://www.py4e.com/assignments)

**Note:** *Login required to see assignments*

[Dr. Charles Severance](http://dr-chuck.com/) - Additional information

Also located on [Coursera](https://www.coursera.org/learn/python?specialization=python) for full course and certificate

------

## [Google Code Jam](https://codingcompetitions.withgoogle.com/codejam)

[What Is Code Jam](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MYNz8PYEK9o&list=)
[Quick Start Guide](https://code.google.com/codejam/resources/quickstart-guide#gcj)

<details><summary>Archive</summary>
  
<details><summary>2019 : Live</summary>
</details>

<details><summary><a href="https://codingcompetitions.withgoogle.com/codejam/archive/2018">2018</a> : 0%</summary>
  
  *   0% : Practice Session
  *   0% : Qualification Round
  *   0% : Round 1A
  *   0% : Round 1B
  *   0% : Round 1C
  *   0% : Round 2
  *   0% : Round 3
  *   0% : World Finals
  
</details>

<details><summary><a href="https://codingcompetitions.withgoogle.com/codejam/archive/2017">2017</a> : 0%</summary>
  
  *   0% : Qualification Round
  *   0% : Round 1A
  *   0% : Round 1B
  *   0% : Round 1C
  *   0% : Round 2
  *   0% : Round 3
  *   0% : World Finals
  
</details>

<details><summary><a href="https://codingcompetitions.withgoogle.com/codejam/archive/2016">2016</a> : 0%</summary>
  
  *   0% : Qualification Round
  *   0% : Round 1A
  *   0% : Round 1B
  *   0% : Round 1C
  *   0% : Round 2
  *   0% : Round 3
  *   0% : World Finals
  
</details>

<details><summary><a href="https://codingcompetitions.withgoogle.com/codejam/archive/2015">2015</a> : 0%</summary>
  
  *   0% : Qualification Round
  *   0% : Round 1A
  *   0% : Round 1B
  *   0% : Round 1C
  *   0% : Round 2
  *   0% : Round 3
  *   0% : World Finals
  
</details>

</details>

</details>


------

## [The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com)

<details><summary>The Odin Project : 1%</summary>

<details><summary>Web Development 101 : 5%</summary>
</details>

<details><summary>Ruby Programming : 0%</summary>
</details>

<details><summary>Databases : 0%</summary>
</details>

<details><summary>Ruby on Rails : 0%</summary>
</details>

<details><summary>HTML and CSS : 0%</summary>
</details>

<details><summary>Javascript : 0%</summary>
</details>

<details><summary>Getting Hired : 0%</summary>
</details>

</details>

------

## [FreeCodeCamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/)

<details><summary>FreeCodeCamp : 13%</summary>

<details><summary>Responsive Web Design : 23%</summary>

* 100% : Basic HTML and HTML5
*  82% : Basic CSS
*   0% : Applied Visual Design
*   0% : Applied Accessibility
*   0% : Responsive Web Design Principles
*   0% : CSS Flexbox
*   0% : CSS Grid
*   0% : Responsive Web Design Projects

</details>

<details><summary>Javascript Algorithms And Data Structures : 27%</summary>

*  94% : Basic JavaScript
*   0% : ES6
*   0% : Regular Expressions
*   0% : Debugging
*   0% : Basic Data Structures
*  81% : Basic Algorithm Scripting
*   0% : Object Oriented Programming
*   0% : Functional Programming
*  33% : Intermediate Algorithm Scripting
*  60% : JavaScript Algorithms and Data Structures Projects

</details>

<details><summary>Front End Libraries : 29%</summary>

* 100% : Bootstrap
* 100% : jQuery
*   0% : Sass
*   0% : React
*   0% : Redux
*   0% : React and Redux
*   0% : Front End Libraries Projects

</details>

<details><summary>Data Visualization : 11%</summary>

*  34% : Data Visualization with D3
*   0% : JSON APIs and Ajax
*   0% : Data Visualization Projects

</details>

<details><summary>Apis And Microservices : 0%</summary>

*   0% : Managing Packages with Npm
*   0% : Basic Node and Express
*   0% : MongoDB and Mongoose
*   0% : Apis and Microservices Projects

</details>

<details><summary>Information Security And Quality Assurance : 0%</summary>

*   0% : Information Security with HelmetJS
*   0% : Quality Assurance and Testing with Chai
*   0% : Advanced Node and Express
*   0% : Information Security and Quality Assurance Projects

</details>

<details><summary>Coding Interview Prep : 0%</summary>

*   0% : Algorithms
*   0% : Data Structures
*   1% : Take Home Projects
*   0% : Rosetta Code
*   0% : Project Euler

</details>

</details>

------

## [100DaysOfCode](https://www.100daysofcode.com/)

The GitHub template to fork that will get you started located [here](https://github.com/kallaway/100-days-of-code)

<details><summary>Resources</summary>

* [PyBites - Article](https://pybit.es/special-100days.html)
* [Talk Python - Course](https://training.talkpython.fm/courses/explore_100days_in_python/100-days-of-code-in-python?s=pybites)
* [Talk Python - Podcast E140](https://talkpython.fm/episodes/show/140/level-up-your-python-with-100daysofcode-challenge)
* [Talk Python - Podcast E186](https://talkpython.fm/episodes/show/186/100-days-of-python-in-a-magical-universe)

</details>

<details><summary>My 100DaysOfX</summary>

* TBD

</details>

<details><summary>Others 100DaysOfX</summary>

<details><summary>100DaysOfCode</summary>

* [Kallaway](https://github.com/kallaway/100-days-kallaway-log)
* [PyBites](https://github.com/pybites/100DaysOfCode)
* [Magical Universe](https://github.com/zotroneneis/magical_universe)

</details>

</details>

------

## [KataCoda](https://katacoda.com/learn)

Interactive Browser Based Labs, Courses & Playgrounds

<details><summary>KataCoda</summary>

* 12% : [Git](https://www.katacoda.com/courses/git)

</details>
